---
Venue: "[[DMCC]]"
Type: Round Table
Topic:
  - "[[Web3]]"
  - "[[cryptocurrency]]"
  - "[[blockchain]]"
  - "[[GITEX]]"
  - Technology
  - "[[Trading]]"
  - "[[DeFi]]"
  - "[[TradFi]]"
  - "[[AI]]"
---
Discussion Points:

1. Global Adoption:
- Noted rise in adoption in [[South America]].
- Brazil's government has started issuing crypto licenses.
- Rankings based on adoption and holdings:
   • Nigeria and Turkey are #1 in terms of [[cryptocurrency adoption]] rate.
   • Brazil ranks within the top 10 for percentage holdings.
   • In the UAE, 30% of the population holds [[cryptocurrency]].

2. [[Trading]]:
- Mention of robot trading through [[BitGap]].
- Binance has started flagging certain accounts, requiring a source of funds to avoid a [[scam]].
- 80% of traders exit the trading scene within their first two years.

3. Services & Platforms:
- Interaction with [[Tornado Cash]] has been banned across several platforms.
- [[Machine Learning]] can predict market behaviors with an accuracy of 85% or more.
- The potential of the [[ERC6960]] in turning [[illiquid assets ]]like [[collectible]] cars into [[liquid assets]].

4. Corporate Involvement & Data:
- There's an initial excitement from corporations about storing data on the blockchain, but it wanes once the implications are understood.
- The question of transparency vs. privacy in terms of adoption was raised.

5. [[Gaming]] & [[Web3]]:
- Gaming could act as the "Trojan Horse" for [[Web3]] adoption.
- There's a concern about new audiences who are primarily interested in monetization, as it could go against the gaming spirit.
- It was highlighted that monetization exists even in Web2 games, such as gold trading in [[World of War Craft]].

6. Web Integration & Evolution:
- Debated on whether [[Web3]] needs to replace [[Web2]] or if [[Web2]] can simply incorporate [[Web3]] features to enhance its efficiency.
- Smart wallets were discussed as a means to simplify blockchain complexities.

7. Practical Applications & Innovations:
- Potential applications of [[blockchain]] in areas like [[medical records]] and licenses.
- [[Off-chain tokens]] could shield these records.
- RWA ([[Real World Assets]]) that do not need government approval may lead the path. However, a gap exists between potential and implementation, especially in areas where private firms can move faster.

8. Environment & [[Carbon Offsetting]]:
- Blockchain could potentially solve the double accounting issue in carbon offsetting.
- Mention of a [[Netflix]] [[documentary]] focusing on this double accounting problem.

9. [[AI]] & [[Blockchain]] Synergy:
- The potential of [[AI]] in detecting patterns, aiding decisions, and generating [[smart contract]] code was acknowledged.
- The combination could have predicted and saved users, for instance, if [[FTX]] was being monitored.
- The question "What can [[blockchain]] do for [[AI]]?" was found particularly intriguing due to its potential in [[biometric recognition]].

Action Items:
1. Further research on the potential synergies between [[AI]] and [[blockchain]].
2. Monitor [[Regulation]] and licenses issued in [[emerging crypto markets]].
3. Analyze potential pitfalls and challenges of integrating data on the [[blockchain]] for corporate entities.

After the meting, George from [[Smart Token Labs]] shared some #resource on the [**Ethereum Attestation Service**](https://docs.attest.sh/)  
Where to use [[Attestations in Blockchain]] 